        6 million lives were saved by Bill Gates with vaccines and better healthcare.
        Ancient Babylonians did math in base 60 instead of base 10. That's why we have 60 seconds in a minute and 360 degrees in a circle.
        Harry Potter books have been translated into more than 70 languages.
        Human inhabitants first settled in the Amazon rainforest at least 11,200 years ago
        There is a pilgrimage site in Sri Lanka that is holy to four religions for a "sacred footprint": Hinduism, Islam, Buddhism and Christianity.
        The Sun formed about 4.6 billion years ago from the collapse of part of a giant molecular cloud that consisted mostly of hydrogen and helium
        Iran arrested 14 squirrels for spying in 2007
        Nearly one tourist has died every week in Hawaii, on average, from 2012 to 2015.
        3 in every 10 teen girls in the U.S. get pregnant
        3.4 million people die each year from water-related causes
        A young Isaac Newton once threatened to burn his mother and stepfather alive.
        In Peru, there's a billboard that creates drinkable water out of thin air
        In 2005, an Ethiopian girl was being brutally beaten by 7 men when a pride of lions chased them away. They even stayed with her until help arrived.
        Benjamin Franklin wrote "Fart Proudly", a scientific essay about farts.
        Popcorn was first domesticated in Mexico 9,000 years ago.
        The 2011 earthquake near Japan increased the Earth's rotation speed, shortening the day by 1.8 microseconds.
        When Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed on the Moon, they honored soviet cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin by leaving behind one of his medals.
        Sweat itself is odorless. It's the bacteria on the skin that mingles with it and produces body odor.
        Pluto was discovered  by a young  research assistant  in 1930.
        Killing someone to prevent the theft of property is legal in Texas
        In 1900, all the world's mathematical knowledge could be written in about 80 books; today it would fill more than 100,000 books.
        Pluto, Mickey Mouse's dog, was named after the planet, not the other way around
        All pandas in the world are on loan from China
        In 1989, Margaret Thatcher pleaded with Mikhail Gorbachev to keep the Berlin Wall up.
        China uses 45 billion chopsticks per year.
        There's only one STOP sign in the entire city of Paris.
        The Titanic could have been saved if it wasn't for a 30-second delay in giving the order to change course after spotting the iceberg
        In 2013, a fake tweet temporarily wiped out US$130 billion off the stock market
        A tiger's roar can be heard as far as 1.8 miles (3 km) away
        It's illegal for foreigners to take Indian currency (rupees) out of India
        Recycling one ton of paper saves 682.5 gallons of oil, 7,000 gallons of water and 3.3 cubic yards of landfill space
        With over 4 billion people and 30% of Earth's total land area, Asia is the Earth's largest and most populous continent.
        New Brain Connections Are Created Every Time You Form a Memory
        The Pentagon has a plan for combating a zombie apocalypse
        Civilian casualties on D-Day and D+1 are estimated at 3,000 people.
        North Korean archaeologists announced the world in 2012 they "discovered" lair of the UNICORN ridden by legendary King Tongmyung 2000 years ago.
        Every minute,2 million searches are performed on Google.
        A beautiful face attracts more partners than a beautiful body, according to a scientific survey.
        There is a persistent storm at Lake Maracaibo, Venezuela. Lightning storms occur for about 10 hours a night, 140 to 160 nights a year, for a total of about 1.2 million lightning discharges per year.
        27,000 trees are felled each day for toilet paper
        Farting helps reduce high blood pressure and is good for your health.
        The Blue-ringed octopus is one of the world's most venomous marine animals: it can kill you in one bite, there is no anti-venom.
        People who spend a lot of time on the internet are more likely to be depressed, lonely and mentally unstable, a study found.
        Until the 1970s in Belgium, table beer was served in schools refectories.
        When Fidel Castro seized power in Cuba, he immediately ordered all game sets of Monopoly to be destroyed.
        In 2010, the Catholic Church had an income of US$97 billion.
        Monkey brains are eaten as a delicacy in parts of China, South Asia and Africa.
        The roar of a lion can be heard from 8 kilometers (5.0 miles) away.
        Australian koalas are in danger of extinction because over half of them have chlamydia.
        Classical Greek culture, which flourished during the 5th to 4th centuries BC, had a powerful influence on the Roman Empire and provided the foundation of modern Western culture.
        Goldfish can see infrared radiation that is invisible to us.
        Chimpanzees share 99% of their DNA with humans, and mice are 98% genetically similar to humans.
        Men with attractive wives report higher levels of satisfaction with their marriages, a study says.
        The three largest branches of Christianity are the Roman Catholic Church, the Eastern Orthodox Church and the various denominations of Protestantism.
        Dinosaurs lived on Earth for 150 million years. We've been around for just 0.1% of that time.
        15 billion cigarettes are smoked worldwide every day
        Goldfish can't close their eyes as they have no eyelids.
        In 2008, a chimpanzee named Anjana adopted and raised two baby white tigers named Mitra and Shiva after a hurricane.
        WW1 was the sixth deadliest conflict in world history.
        The smallest known dinosaur was about four inches (10 cm) tall and weighed less than a chihuahua.
        Leonardo DiCaprio's name is Leonardo because his mother was standing in front of a Leonardo Da Vinci's portrait when he first kicked.
        Hiroshima and Nagasaki are not radioactive anymore mostly because the bombs didn't touch the ground but were detonated in the air.
        In 1990, Harry Potter author J. K. Rowling was on a crowded train from Manchester to London when the idea for Harry suddenly "fell into her head".
        11.2 million people live in Cuba as of 2019.
        At least 690 executions were recorded by Amnesty International in 20 countries in 2018, a decrease of 31% compared to 2017.
        Prostitutes in the Netherlands pay taxes
        At least 1 in 25 people sentenced to the death penalty in the U.S. are innocent.
        Over 1.5 million Venezuelans --4% to 6% of the country's population-- left Venezuela following Hugo Chavez's Bolivarian Revolution
        Leif Erikson is regarded as the first European to land in North America, nearly 500 years before Columbus.
        Banana ketchup is popular in the Philippines.
        The South American revolutionary Simon Bolivar was, at various times, president of Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela.
        A Father's Diet Before Conception Plays a Crucial Role in a Child's Health.
        When George Washington passed away in 1799,  Britain's entire Royal Navy lowered its flags at half mast.
        Low vitamin D levels during pregnancy have been linked to autism.
        1 in 5 people in the world still lacks access to modern electricity
        After the Vietnam war, farmers recycled thousands of external fuel tanks from U.S. aircraft to create river boats and canoe
        In Thailand, Burma, Sri Lanka, Cambodia and Lao, the Buddhist New Year is celebrated for three days.
        In 2012, Elvis Presley's underwear was auctioned off but no one bought it.
        We Are Living In The Most Peaceful Time In Human History.
        In Iran, a law from 2013 allows Men to marry their 13-year-old adopted daughters
        Monkeys can count.
        Steve Jobs was dyslexic
        The Mount Everest grows 0.1576 inches (4mm) each year
        No man has been on the Moon in the last 41 years.
        Elvis Presley didn't write any of his songs.
        The Death Penalty is legal in 32 U.S. states.
        In 2001, Argentina had 5 presidents in 10 days.
        It took Danny Elfman just two days to compose The Simpsons famous theme in 1989
        The Eiffel Tower was built for the 1889 Paris Exposition and was not intended to be permanent
        Martin Luther King Jr. plagiarized a significant portion of his doctoral dissertation from one written by another student 3 years earlier.
        With over 95.5 million inhabitants as of 2019, Egypt is the most populous country in the Arab world and the third-most populous in Africa.
        The second-largest lake in Bolivia is called Lake Poopo. It's not a freshwater lake
        It's scientifically proven: being in love makes you a less productive person.
        On any given workday, up to 50,000 employees worked in the WTC twin towers before 9/11.
        It snowed in the Sahara Desert in 1979.
        Over 20,000 people die of Cancer every day.
        In 1994, a 75-pound bag of cocaine fell out of a plane and landed in the middle of a Florida crime watch meeting.
        1 billion people speak English. That's 1 in every 7 on earth.
        Between 1974 and 1983, up to 30,000 people went "missing" in Argentina. Most were killed by the military junta running the country.
        Anne Frank's family was denied visas by the U.S. because of stricter immigration policies.
        The Queen of the Netherlands is Argentinian
        The Titanic's chief baker "fortified" himself with alcohol and thus survived the freezing water for 2 hours until he was rescued
        Hawaii's largest-ever earthquake occurred in 1868 and the aftershocks are still being observed.
        In 2011, the population of Ireland was about 6.4 million, ranking it the second-most populous island in Europe after Great Britain.
        Most homes in Bolivia have a dried llama fetus thrown under its foundations for luck
        Horses can sleep standing
        An earthquake on Dec. 16, 1811 caused parts of the Mississippi River to flow backwards.
        William Shakespeare's six surviving signatures have different spellings, including "Shakspere
        Shaksper" and "Shakspeare.". The right spelling has been in dispute for centuries.
        When the first prototype of Apple's iPod was shown to Steve Jobs, he dropped it in an aquarium and used the air bubbles to prove there was empty space and it could be made smaller
        Earth is the only place in the solar system where a total solar eclipse can happen
        The tiger's stripes are not only found on their fur, but also on their skin
        There is more CO2 (carbon dioxide) in the atmosphere today than at any point in the last 800,000 years.
        In Switzerland, some people still regularly eat dog and cat meat. It's legal in the country
        Google hired a camel to create the Street View of a desert.
        There's a virus that attacks human DNA making people less intelligent, impairing brain activity, learning and memory
        Square Watermelons are grown by Japanese farmers for easier stack and store.
        A new scientific method called 'toxineering' turns venoms into painkillers
        Elvis Presley was naturally blonde. He dyed his hair black.
        The "smell of rain" is caused by a bacteria called actinomycetes.
        Texas declared its independence from Mexico in 1836 and became a Republic until it joined the U.S. in 1845
        Every hour, at least 1 person is killed by a drunk driver in the U.S.
        A Colombian woman was raised by monkeys after being kidnaped and abandoned in the jungle as a child.
        A face-recognition software determined that Leonardo Da Vinci's Mona Lisa is 83% happy, 9% disgusted, 6% fearful, and 2% angry.
        China is the world's largest exporter and second-largest importer of goods.
        A new word in English is created every 98 minutes.
        In North Korea, the year is counted after the birth of its founder, Kim II-Sung. In 2013, it was the year 202.
        North Korea is the world's only necrocracy: a government that still operates under the rules of a former, dead leader.
        Judas sold Jesus for the equivalent of 4 months' pay of a working man.
        The Simpsons crew sent flowers to South Park studios when they parodied Family Guy.
        Thousands of marine creatures die by mistakenly swallowing plastic bags that resemble jellyfish
        The Statue of Liberty used to have a reddish brown color
        Iceland has Europe's largest banana plantation.
        Snakes can open their mouth up to 150 degrees
        Over 5,000 climbers have successfully reached Mount Everest's peak, including a 13-year-old, a blind person, and a 73-year-old woman
        Lionesses find lions with darker manes more attractive.
        During the Christmas season, almost 28 LEGO sets are sold every second.
        If you announce your goals to others, you are less likely to make them happen because you lose motivation, studies confirmed
        1.3 million Earths could fit inside the sun, an average-sized star.
        Italy is the largest producer of wine in the world.
        In 1600, a volcano eruption in Peru caused a famine that killed about 2 million people in Russia
        Bill Gates continued to fly coach until 1997, when his net worth was already US$36 billion.
        Four Japanese scientists measured the amount of friction between a shoe, a banana skin and the floor: it's 0.07.
        Sweden has the largest scale model of the solar system in the world. It is in the scale of 1:20 million and stretches 950 km across the country
        There are more than 1,000 species of banana. We eat only one of them.
        The Golden Gate Bridge project cost more than US$35 million, completing ahead of schedule and under budget.
        Jamaica, Colombia and St Lucia are the only countries where a woman is more likely to be a boss than a man.
        Mexican General Santa Anna had an elaborate state funeral for his amputated leg.
        The oldest octopus fossil is  296 million years old.
        Research conducted on comedians and funny people have shown they are usually more depressed than average.
        You can tell the age of a whale by counting the rings in its earwax
        Canada's lowest recorded temperature was -81.4 degrees Fahrenheit (-63 C) in 1947
        Every second, Americans collectively eat 100 pounds of chocolate.
        Despite being a Jew, Karl Marx hated Judaism and said that "money is the jealous god of Israel."
        The UK spent US$15.8 billion in a health service computer system that failed and was shut down in 2013
        When a Google employee dies, their spouses receive half pay from the company for 10 years and their children US$1,000 per month until they turn 19.
        There is a prison in Bolivia where inmates rent their own cells, can live with their families, charge tourists for tours and at one point produced almost all the cocaine in Bolivia
        The cities of Aachen, Regensburg, Frankfurt-am-Main, Nuremberg, Weimar, Bonn and Berlin have all been capitals of Germany
        The Netherlands close eight prisons in 2013 due to lack of criminals
        The budget for the Movie "Titanic" was higher than the Titanic itself
        In Korea and Japan, there is a Cat Cafe where you can go to drink coffee and hang out with cats for hours.
        There's a nail polish that detects date rape drugs by dipping a finger into the drink.
        Al Pacino was the first "face" on Facebook.
        The Macaw is the national animal of Brazil.
        JFK bought 1,200 cuban cigars just hours before signing the embargo against Cuba.
        There are 17 to 20 species of penguins, depending on which scientist you ask
        With some males exceeding 250 kg (550 lb) in weight, the Lion is the second-largest living cat after the tiger.
        One tiger alone killed 430 people in Nepal and India in the 19th century
        Leonardo Da Vinci was the first to explain why the sky is blue.
        Olympic Gold Medals only contain 1.34% of gold.
        Cocaine can be purchased for about US$5 per gram in Colombia while in the U.S. it sells for at least US$100.
        More Colombians die every year from American tobacco than Americans die from Colombian cocaine.
        Hawaii, Vermont, Alaska, and Maine have all banned billboards.
        Brazil was once called "United States of Brazil."
        The least corrupt countries in the world are New Zealand and Denmark, according to the Corruptions Perception Index.
        The national anthem of Spain has no words
        Christopher Columbus correctly predicted an eclipse to trick the native inhabitants of Jamaica into giving him food and supplies.
        The city of Lusail, host of the 2022 FIFA World Cup Final game, does not exist yet
        Benjamin Franklin, one of the Founding Fathers of the U.S., was also a leading author, printer, political theorist, politician, freemason, postmaster, scientist, inventor, civic activist, statesman, and diplomat.
        Elvis Presley is considered the best-selling individual artist of all time, with over 500 million records sold.
        Brazil occupies 47.3% of South America and borders all other countries except Ecuador and Chile.
        The Amazon represents more than half of the Earth's rainforests
        Most Hindus say Euthanasia interrupts the timing of the cycle of rebirth and both the doctor and patient will take on bad karma as a result.
        1,665 steps are needed to climb all the way to the top of the Eiffel Tower
        Mars is red because it is covered in rust (iron oxide).
        75%of people who marry partners from an affair eventually divorce.
        An Octopus with 96 tentacles was caught in Japan in 2008.
        Kissing can cause tooth decay.
        The smallest horse in the world is just 17 inches (43 cm) tall and weighs 57 lb (26 kg)
        Sam Houston, the general who won Texas independence from Mexico, was removed  from his post as Governor after refusing to support the Confederacy on the Civil War.
        The Quran, Islam's most sacred book, means recitation in Arabic.
        2200 years ago, Eratosthenes estimated the Earth's circumference using math, without ever leaving Egypt. He was remarkably accurate. Christopher Columbus later studied him.
        A Jewish sect, Neturei Karta, supports Palestine and calls for a peaceful dismantling of the State of Israel.
        Since 1900, there have been an average of 18 major earthquakes and one great earthquake per year.
        The word "volcano" originally comes from the name of the Roman god of fire, Vulcan
        The southernmost active volcano on Earth is in Antarctica. It spews crystals and is very close to the U.S. Research Center
        People who endure more than 45-minute commute are 40% more likely to divorce.
        Babies are born with no bacteria in their bodies.
        During WW2, Japan received Jewish refugees and rejected the resulting Nazi German protests.
        Scientists can turn peanut butter into diamonds.
        77%of Russia is made up of Siberia
        With 61 million inhabitants, Italy is the 5th most populous country in Europe.
        Bullying affects nearly 1 in 3 American schoolchildren in grades six through 10.
        There's a hotel in Bolivia made almost entirely of salt, complete with salt beds and chairs
        Famous left-handed people include Napoleon, Da Vinci, Michelangelo, Einstein, Newton, Bill Gates, Oprah, Obama and Jimi Hendrix.
        The average visitor to Las Vegas gambles US$447.
        Half of all women who die from homicide are killed by their current or former husbands or partners.
        Study after study has found that marijuana is less harmful than alcohol and tobacco.
        When you get a book published in Norway, the Government will buy a 1000 copies and distribute them to libraries.
        It takes 8 minutes and 20 seconds for light to travel from the sun to the earth.
        Sudan has more pyramids than Egypt.
        It is illegal to own a hamster in Hawaii .
        The World's Oldest Company operated in Japan from 578 AD to 2006.
        During the Vietnam War, American troops would eat small amounts of C4 plastic explosive to get high
        A 20-month-old baby became the youngest professional soccer player ever, after being signed up by a Belgian club
        Coffee beans aren't beans. They are fruit pits.
        Apollo astronauts trained in Iceland because it was felt that the terrain would most resemble the surface of the moon.
        Breast cancer is one of the most survivable types of cancers over a five year period.
        When Benjamin Franklin invented his own harmonica, it became so popular in Europe that Mozart and Beethoven composed music for it.
        The World's Largest Chocolate Bar Weighed 5,792 kg (12,770 lb).
        Apple's co-founder sold all his shares for $800.Today, they would have been worth US$35 billion.
        Cuddling triggers the same neurological reaction as taking painkillers.
        Global warming could drive to extinction as many as 1 in 6 animal and plant species.
        On Mars, sunsets are blue.
        Isaac Newton was a Member of Parliament for a year and said only one sentence: he asked a nearby usher to close an open window.
        The practice of burying the dead may date back 350,000 years.
        Fat Man was the codename for the atomic bomb that was detonated over Nagasaki.
        Men are struck by lightning five times more often than women.
        Every day, nearly 4000 teens in the U.S. smoke their first cigarette while 1,000 start smoking on a daily basis
        The King James Bible has inspired the lyrics of more pop songs than any other book.
        The boomslang snake's venom causes you to bleed from all holes of your body
        There's US$75 trillion in the entire world. If this is distributed amongst all people on Earth, each person will have less than $11,000.
        Washoe, the chimpanzee, was the first non-human to learn American Sign Language. She also passed on her knowledge to other chimpanzees.
        Iquitos, Peru is the largest city in the world inaccessible by road. It's located deep in the Amazon rainforest and has over 400,000 people
        Twitter has 310 million monthly active users, almost the same as the U.S. population
        Bob Marley's final words were "Money can't buy life."
        The Bible is partially or completely available in 3,384 languages, as of 2019.
        Snakes range in size from the tiny, 10 cm-long thread snake, to the reticulated python of up to 6.95 meters (22.8 ft) in length
        The official name of Spain is the "Kingdom of Spain.
        The Emperor Penguin is able to dive to depths of over 500m and stay under water for up to 27 minutes
        There are species of ants that enslaved other ants
        English was first introduced to Ireland in the Norman invasion in the 12th century.
        Bananas don't grow on trees. They are produced by herbaceous plants.
        About 50% of Asians have trouble metabolizing alcohol due to a missing liver enzyme needed to process it.
        Legalizing marijuana would generate $8.7 billion in federal and state tax revenue per year.
        Over 100,000 people have applied for a one-way trip to colonize Mars in 2022.
        All of the bacteria in our body collectively weighs about 4 pounds.
        The combined wealth of the 85 richest people is equal to that of poorest 3.5 billion --half of the world's population
        Leo Da Vinci's studies of river erosion convinced him that Earth is much older than the Bible implies.
        Unfaithful men have lower IQs according to a scientific study.
        A Giraffe's legs alone are taller than most humans: about 6 feet (1.81 m).
        Police officers in one state in India are given a slight pay upgrade for having a moustache
        1 in 3 worldwide deaths in 2012 were caused by Cardiovascular diseases.
        The average human will yawn around 250,000 times over the course of his life.
        Zebras are responsible for more injuries to U.S. zookeepers than any other animal
        Steve Jobs was adopted. His biological father was Abdulfattah Jandali, a Syrian Muslim
        In 2012, A 10-Year-Old Accidentally Conceived an Unstable Molecule in Science Class called: Tetranitratoxycarbon
        10% of pregnancies end in miscarriage
        Drug possession and trafficking are punished in Singapore with the death penalty.
        All three Grammys Elvis Presley won, were for his gospel songs.
        The earliest evidence of human presence in Ireland is dated at 12,800 BC.
        In Judaism there are4 different New Year days.
        Alexander the Great washed his hair in saffron to keep it shiny and orange.
        62 million girls were out of school in 2014
        Capuchin monkeys show biases against humans who deny help to others.
        Recycling a single plastic bottle can conserve enough energy to light a 60W bulb for up to 6 hours
        A Bonsai Tree planted in 1626 survived the atomic bomb at Hiroshima and now resides in a U.S. Museum.
        Japan consists of over 6,800 islands.
        If a zebra is attacked, its family will come to its defense circling the wounded zebra and attempting to drive off predators
        Argentina is subdivided into 23 provinces and one autonomous city, Buenos Aires. Each have their own constitutions, but exist under a federal system.
        Los Angeles, California, is the second most populous city in the U.S.
        Australia is the world's sixth-largest country by total area.
        Inca architecture was built to be earthquake resistant. Inca masonry is effective in withstanding even major tremors.
        Modern humans first arrived in Iberia (now Spain), from the north on foot, about 35,000 years ago
        Martin Luther King Jr. had previously used his "dream" rhetoric many times before his famous speech in other lesser-known speeches.
        The average divorcee takes almost 18 months to get over the split.
        Between 10 and 20 volcanoes are erupting somewhere on Earth every day
        6 out of 10 teenagers in the U.S. say they witness bullying in school once a day.
        There are 40 extant species of dolphins.
        The Amazon rainforest encompasses an area of 5,500,000 sq kilometres (2,100,000 sq mi), two times the size of Argentina
        There are more than 400 distinct phobias well recognized by psychologists
        Globally, women are paid less than men. Women in most countries earn on average only 60 to 75% of men's wages
        Fidel Castro was born on a Friday the 13th.
        William Shakespeare was born and died on the same day
        72%of Spain speaks Spanish. The rest speaks Catalan, Galician, Basque and others
        Hawaii is the only U.S. state with a majority Asian American population, at 58%.
        Paraguay boasts the world's third-biggest fleet of tug-propelled barges, behind the U.S. and China.
        Small traces of gold have been found in the leaves of Eucalyptus trees.
        Spain was the third most visited country in the world in 2013
        Racial segregation in South Africa began in colonial times under the Dutch Empire, then the British, and became an official policy in 1948, lasting until 1991
        Every Christmas, 1 million letters are addressed to Santa Clausat his own postal code: "H0H 0H0, North Pole, Canada."
        The average number of readers of any given published scientific paper is said to be 0.6
        People in the United States eat 9 billion chickens and 150 million cattle, pigs and sheep annually, and we use around 26 million animals for research, 95% of which are rodents, birds and fish.
        The Bible, Steve Jobs' Bio, and the Hunger Games, are the most highlighted kindle books ever
        Along with 1.4 million tons of debris removed, 19,435 body parts were recovered from the WTC after 9/11.
        Apple is the world's largest IT company by revenue and total assets, and the world's second-largest mobile phone manufacturer.
        D-Day was originally set for June 5 but had to be postponed for 24 hours due to bad weather.
        Anne Frank's sister, Margot, also had a diary. It was never found.
        95% of all data in the world is still stored on paper. Most of it is never looked at again
        The Liberty Bell and Big Ben were cast by the same bell foundry and both bells are cracked.
        A secretary once told Steve Jobs she was late for work because her car wouldn't start. That afternoon, Jobs threw her a set of keys for a brand new Jaguar, saying: "Here, don't be late anymore."
        The Aztecs used Cacao seeds as a form of currency.
        Most of New Zealand's population of 4.5 million is of European descent. The indigenous Maori are the largest minority at almost 15%.
        The West first learned of the giant panda in 1869, when a French missionary received a skin from a hunter
        There are 5 planets you can see with the naked eye, not using a telescope: Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn
        There are virtually no differences in brain anatomy between people with autism and those without.
        Mars has the tallest known mountain on a planet of our Solar System, with a height of 22 km (14 mi).
        The word 'Buddha' is a title, which means 'one who is awake', in the sense of having 'woken up to reality'.
        The word "desert" comes from the Latin "desertum" which means "an abandoned place".
        The Fastest Goal in Soccer history was scored just over 2 seconds after kick-off
        Indonesia is the world's largest island country, with more than 13,000 islands.
        Facebook is primarily blue because Mark Zuckerberg suffers red-green color blindness.
        South Africa is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'etat, and regular elections have been held for almost a century
        In professional shooting, Alcohol is considered to be a performance-enhancing drug because it relaxes you and slows your heart rate enough to give you an edge.
        The original torch of the Statue of Liberty replaced in 1984 by a new copper torch covered in 24k gold leaf
        1 in every 8 deaths on earth are linked to air pollution, a study says
        Sympathizing with Kim Jong-un, leader of North Korea, is an illegal act in South Korea. Even blogging can land you in jail
        Spiders can survive for hours underwater by entering a self-induced coma
        Couples who are in love synchronize their heart rates after gazing into each others' eyes for three minutes.
        51% of Italians can't afford a vacation.
        The main exporter of Brazil nuts is not Brazil. It's Bolivia
        Israel is so small, you can run through it from west to east in 2 hours and from top to bottom in 9 days.
        Late-night dancing was illegal in Japan until 2015.
        Right-handed people tend to chew food on the right side while left-handed tend to chew on the left side.
        Barack Obama won a Grammy in 2006 for the audio version of his memoir, "Dreams From My Father."
        A cooling cap can prevent breast cancer patients facing chemotherapy from losing their hair.
        The heart symbol was first used to denote love in the 1250. Prior to that, it represented foliage.
        Koalas have human-like fingerprints.
        If Bill Gates was a country he would be the #63 richest on earth.
        Researchers found 1,458 new species of bacteria in belly buttons.
        Argentina's economy is Latin America's third-largest and the second largest in South America.
        In Japan there are more pets than children.
        Every day, 16% of the searches that occur are ones that Google has never seen before.
        Starbucks spends more money on health insurance for its employees than on coffee beans.
        An 11-year-old girl gave Pluto its name
        4% of the sand on Normandy beaches are still made up of metal particles from D-Day landings.
        When two people kiss, they exchange between 10 million and 1 billion bacteria.
        "Mortimer Mouse" was the original name of Mickey Mouse before Walt Disney's wife, Lillian, convinced him to change it.
        In Cuba, the tourist economy operates with a different currency, the Convertible pesos (CUC), set at par with the US dollar.
        Sign Language is one of three official languages of New Zealand.
        George Washington is the only U.S. president to have received 100% of the electoral votes.
        Contrary to popular belief, there are no wild tigers in Africa. Only in Asia.
        Cuba has one of the highest literacy rates in the world: 99.8%.
        Indonesia is home to the world's largest Islamic population.
        Steve Jobs believed that his vegan diet would eliminate the need of showering
        The first cloned dogs, six Canadian Labradors, started to work for South Korea's customs service as sniffers in 2009
        8 of the 12 host cities for the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil are among the 50 most violent cities in the world
        Africa is larger than China, USA, India, Mexico and a big part of Europe combined.
        The Statue Of Liberty Was Inspired By The Roman Pagan Goddess Libertas
        The type of music you listen to affects the way you perceive the world.
        Honey is the only food that will never rot, it can last 3000 years.
        3 Olympic swimming pools can hold all the gold ever mined in the world.
        In the UK, all horses, ponies and donkeys must have a horse passport
        Around 5,000 people attempted to escape over the Berlin Wall, with an estimated death toll ranging from 136 to more than 200.
        Chimpanzees can identify each other from pictures of their butts.
        10% of US electricity is made from dismantled atomic bombs.
        With 83 million people, as of 2019, Germany has the EU's largest population
        British Pennies are used to adjust the time in London's Big Ben clock tower.
        American Civil War soldiers had a code of honor that forbade shooting at men while they were pooping.
        Earth is the only place in the Solar System where water can be present in its three states: solid, liquid and vapour
        Yoda, from Star Wars, was almost played by a monkey.
        The Salema Porgy is a species of fish that can cause hallucinations when eaten. In Ancient Rome it was consumed as a recreational drug.
        The longest kiss ever recorded lasted 58 hours, 35 minutes and 58 seconds.
        Berlin is 9 times bigger than Paris and has more bridges than Venice
        Every 13 minutes, a woman dies from breast cancer in the U.S.
        If we could capture just 0.1% of the ocean's kinetic energy caused by tides, we could satisfy the current global energy demand 5 times over.
        Canada has more lakes than the rest of the world's lakes combined
        Our moon is bigger than Pluto and 1/4 the diameter of Earth
        The giant panda is actually a bear
        The Titanic is the only ocean liner  to ever be sunk by an iceberg
        Alaska has a sand desert with dunes over 150 feet (45 m) high
        After World War I, there were so few men in Germany that only 1 in 3 women would find a husband
        7%  of Americans  claim  they never bathe
        Autism affects about 21.7 million people in the world.
        Apple headquarters' employees earn an average of US$125,000 a year.
        Nguyen Ngoc Loan, the executioner from the famous Vietnam War photo, opened a pizza joint in Virginia after the war
        Saturn's moon Enceladus has ice volcanoes
        In Russia there are 9 million more Women than men
        Bill Gates bought Da Vinci's Codex Leicester in 1994 for US$30 million. A few pages were used as screen saver on Windows 95.
        For every 1 million tons of oil shipped, about 1 ton is spilled
        Whales can suffer from sunburns
        In 2015, a U.S. journalist was sentenced to 5 years in jail for posting a link on the web
        South Koreans drink twice as much alcohol as Russians
        A newborn baby has about one cup of blood in his body.
        4%of women in the U.S. are pregnant right now
        The world's longest hangover lasted 4 weeks after a Scotsman consumed 60 pints of beer.
        In 1962, John F Kennedy secretly installed a taping system in the White House.
        Men with shaved heads are perceived as an inch taller and 13% stronger than men with hair.
        Ancient Greece's boys went to school at the age of 7 if they lived in Athens, or went to the barracks if they lived in Sparta.
        Sleeping less than 7 hours each night reduces your life expectancy.
        The average Facebook U S. user spends 38 minutes a day on the site.
        The Guarani language, one of the official languages of Paraguay along with Spanish, is one of the most-widely spoken indigenous languages of the Americas and the only one whose speakers include a large proportion of non-indigenous people.
        Wherever you are in the state of Florida, you're never more than 60 miles from the nearest body of salt water.
        The 15-minute chimes on Big Ben have lyrics: "All through this hour / Lord be my guide / And by Thy power / No foot shall slide."
        On September 11, 2001, 2,996 people were killed in the terrorist attacks at the World Trade Center in NYC, the Pentagon building in Virginia, and in a plane crash in Pennsylvania.
        Muslims use only the right hand for eating and drinking.
        Bill Gates' children will only inherit US$10 million each, out of his US$72 billion net worth.
        In his first few days in office, Barack Obama ordered the closing of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, but Congress prevented it.
        The First Disneyland Admission Ticket Ever Sold was purchased for US$1 in 1955.
        In Japan, KFC is a typical feast of Christmas Eve.
        Greater London's population was estimated to be 8.63 million in January 2015, the highest level since 1939
        Your bones are composed of 31% water
        The Netherlands has more bicycles than people, 1.3 per person
        From the Middle Ages up to 1809, Finland was part of Sweden.
        The Aztecs sacrificed 1% of their population every year, or about 250,000 people.
        1 out of 42 boys and 1 in 189 girls are diagnosed with autism in the U.S.
        Up to 1.5 billion people still do not have access to reliable phone services
        Christians believe that Jesus is the Son of God and the savior of humanity whose coming as the Messiah was prophesied in the Old Testament.
        The Moon is not round, but egg shaped.
        Venezuela had the world's highest inflation rate in 2015 with over 141%
        Japan suffers 1,500 earthquakes every year.
        Some parts of Antarctica have had no rain or snow for the last 2 million years
        Exercise, like walking, can reduce breast cancer risk by 25%.
        Julius Caesar, Mark Antony and Octavian, all made pilgrimages to Alexander the Great's tomb in Alexandria.
        Contact lenses were first proposed by Leonardo Da Vinci in 1508.
        From birth to toilet training, a baby goes through an average of 8000 diaper changes.
        The last person who died at the Berlin Wall attempted to escape in a hot air balloon but fell to his death.
        While dinosaurs were ancestrally bipedal, many extinct groups included quadrupedal species, and some were able to shift between these stances.
        The Longest Tunnel in the World is 57 km long and goes from Switzerland to Italy underneath Alps. It took 17 Years to Build.
        Many scientists believe that an asteroid hit the Yucatan Peninsula of Mexico 65.5 million years ago and caused or contributed to the extinction of dinosaurs.
        1089 x 9 = 9801.
        President Obama has read every Harry Potter book.
        Switzerland sent 31 soldiers to Afghanistan in 2003, its first military deployment since 1815.
        The 'de-militarized' zone between North and South Korea is the world's most militarized zone
        Airlines make more money selling air miles than seats: between 1.5 and 2.5 cents per mile.
        An average swimming pool loses 1,000 gallons (3,785 L) a month to evaporation and other causes
        Over 30% of cancer could be prevented by avoiding tobacco and alcohol, having a healthy diet and physical activity.
        The Atlantic Ocean is big enough to let every person in the US have their own cubic kilometer in it.
        Part of the White House was built by slaves
        John F Kennedy had such concerns about the space program's high cost, that he proposed partnering with the Soviet Union on a joint expedition to the moon.
        Martin Luther King Jr. is a Grammy Award winner for Best Spoken Word Album.
        During the past 40 years, at least 20% of the Amazon rainforest has been cut down
        In the UK, accents change noticeably about every 25 miles (40km)
        When the "Elephant Whisperer" Lawrence Anthony died, a herd of elephants arrived at his house to mourn him
        Women are approximately two times more likely than men to suffer from major depression.
        The American Civil War broke out in 1861 when the Confederates attacked a U.S. fortress, Fort Sumter, and ended with the surrender of all Confederate armies in 1865.
        Australia has the world's 12th-largest economy and it had the world's 5th-highest per-capita income in 2014.
        Marijuana is legal and is not even classified as a drug in North Korea.
        10 times more people  suffer from  major depression  now than in 1945.
        In 1963, an East German soldier stole a tank drove it through the Berlin Wall to escape.
        Florida was the first part of the continental U.S. to be visited by Europeans. Spanish conquistador Juan Ponce de Leon gave it its name, meaning "flowery land."
        You can navigate YouTube in more than 80 different languages, covering 95% of the Internet population
        1 in 8 adolescents in the U.S. have clinical depression.
        Christopher Columbus Italian name was Cristoforo Colombo. He was a citizen of the Republic of Genoa.
        Martin Luther King Jr. was jailed 29 times.
        1 in 3 Jews in the U.S. put up a Christmas tree in their home during the holiday season, a survey found.
        In China, over 35 million people still live in caves.
        August 2014 was the warmest August ever recorded globally.
        Judaism believes in another Torah (Bible) that Moses passed down orally in an unbroken chain from generation to generation for 1,400 years.
        Oil is cheaper than water in Venezuela and Saudi Arabia
        Instant Coffee was invented by a man called George Washington around 1910.
        The key to happiness is spending your money on experiences rather than possessions, according to studies.
        1 in 50,000 penguins are born with brown rather than black plumage
        James Harrison has donated blood over 1,000 times saving over 2 million unborn babies from Rhesus disease.
        100 million people come to India's Kumbh Mela Festival, the world's biggest gathering of humans
        The "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign was created in 1959.
        California contains both the highest point (Mount Whitney) and the lowest point (Death Valley) in the contiguous United States.
        The concept behind the word "cool" might come from the African word "itutu", brought to America by slavery
        Venus has more volcanoes than any other planet in the solar system, with over 1600
        Advertising to children under the age of 12 is illegal in Norway and Sweden.
        The longest hot dog ever was made in Paraguay and had 668 ft (203 m).
        600,000 hacking attempts are made to Facebook accounts every day.
        Slavery was not made a statutory offense in the UK until April 6, 2010
        If an atom were as big as the Solar System, a neutrino would as small as a golf ball
        The head of the Statue of Liberty was displayed at the World's Fair of 1878 in Paris
        In 1942, the Canadians and the British Navy launched a practice invasion of France, the "Dieppe Raid." 20% were killed, 10% wounded, 30% captured. The lessons learned in that disaster lead to D-Day's success.
        Mount Everest is littered with not just the corpses of climbers but an estimated 50 tons of waste, making it world's dirtiest mountain
        In October 1941, more than 50,000 Jews were killed by Romanian troops in what is now known as the "Odessa massacre."
        It takes approximately 400 cacao beans to make one pound (450 gr.) of chocolate.
        The Earth, seen from the moon, also goes through phases.
        The average lifespan of a dolphin is 15 years. However, some of them lived 50 years.
        Dinosaurs are not, technically, extinct, since birds are considered by science as a type of dinosaur.
        Gold is edible.
        The eruption of the Krakatoa volcano in Indonesia is believed to be the reason why the sky is red in Edvard Munch's painting "The Scream", set in Norway
        A lack of exercise is now causing as many deaths as smoking across the world, a study suggests.
        Arabic is an official language in Israel along with Hebrew.
        In an average lifetime human skin completely replaces itself  900 times.
        Walt and Roy Disney formed Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio in 1923. In 1926, the name was changed to Walt Disney Studio.
        Humans have the same number of hair follicles as chimpanzees.
        The CIA had a plot to use a depilatory chemical on Fidel Castro to cause his beard to fall out.
        The movie Gravity was more expensive than the Indian Mars mission.
        "Good cholesterol" (HDL) can "turn bad" and solidify into fat-clogs.
        Iceland's population is smaller than that of Anaheim, California.
        With a mainland area of 2,780,400 km2 (1,073,500 sq mi), Argentina is the eighth-largest country in the world.
        Saturn's rings are only 30 to 300 feet (9 to 90 meters) thick
        Around 1300 CE, Polynesians settled in today's New Zealand, and developed the distinctive Maori culture.
        Denmark's population is the second happiest in the world according to the 2019 World Happiness Report.
        13.8% of the world's population are Hindus.
        Elvis Presley was just 22 years old when he paid US$102,500 for Graceland, the Memphis mansion that served as his home base for two decades.
        The largest recorded earthquake in the U.S. was a magnitude 9.2 that struck Prince William Sound, Alaska in 1964
        Sweden had a Charles VII but no Charles I to VI
        The name "Jessica" first appeared in Shakespeare's play "The Merchant of Venice.
        Spiders can walk on water, and breathe under it, too
        In the Netherlands, there are dozens of public facilities where you can bring recreational drugs including marijuana, cocaine and ecstasy to test if they are safe.
        Europe and Africa are only separated by 14.3 km (8.9 mi) of ocean and there are talks of creating the longest bridge ever.
        Alexander the Great founded 70 cities, naming at least 20 after himself and one after his horse.
        Your mobile phone has more computing power than the computers used for the Apollo 11 moon landing.
        The lion from MGM is called "Leo the Lion".
        The United States and Gabon are the only two countries that allow experimentation on chimpanzees.
        In Buddhism, Karma is the force that drives the cycle of suffering and rebirth for each being.